so your character has a hard time
talking them into doing this pub crawl
and your character really doesn't want
to go in real life what's something it's
been hard to convince your friends to do
bathe me love the baby hard to do I
don't know getting you out of the house
sometimes yeah yeah thanks a homebody
homebody he likes to and I get it as
well he likes to stay in and watch your
film rather than come out last night he
was hot for salsa first time in a while
he wanted to come out and I was liar in
my hair was leading a charge and was
angry I couldn't find any in the air no
listen this is New York home of Eddie
Torres King ourselves and I was hoping
to cut ready and and and dance a furious
Pechanga so I was I was upset also the
felt you guys really drastically changed
the way you look
I loved your black hair but yet still
read facial Aaron that was great you
have you've ever very you know like a
dad business man why did you decide to
change your look so much because usually
you know you guys have a similar life I
think he's probably driven by the
characters rather than just a choice to
change things up you know I think with
Gary's outfit is we don't imagine that
he wears that all the time we think he's
kind of he realizes that this is a
one-way suicide mission potentially in
his put his old gear back on you know
and with my character you know he's he's
a successful powerful corporate lawyer
so with that comes a certain fashion
style I guess did you like your looks I
love those updates that's how I dress
when I was 18 this is the cardigan you
see me fighting in in the film most
three of them it is in the place right
there that's right this is the hole in
another so you raided the closet yeah I
love a good cardigan I'm a fan of it I'm
a carnie file i i i enjoyed dressing
like a goth because that's that's how I
that's how I used to dress and I but I
never dyed my hair black so I was I was
it was sort of a rites of passage for me
a late rite of passage to dye my hair
black finally yeah what good on you
thank you so also as well you know you
guys are very good at acting in a group
because you manage to stand out yet
play well off of others what's the trick
to doing that um I'd say good
relationship a good chemistry off camera
and the fact that as people we like each
other and as performers we we trust one
another and respect one another enough
to be able to you know if it's Eddie's
big speech is Eddie speech speech
laughing you know and and we all have
those we all have you know i I've never
felt so supported on a set from from the
other cast members you know each one of
us have difficult monologues to remember
and things that you have to dredge up in
terms of personal you know some personal
emotions so to do a scene like that and
then to have Eddie Mars own to be a
little tap or modern comes in those days
it means a lot you know and it means
that you have you you trust it enough to
be able to lay yourself out there and
not feel embarrassed or or foolish iris
I felt like I was surrounded by the best
actors in the country I'm from you know
it was amazing to have these guy I love
watching the max sometimes it was fun
just to sit back and see them do their
thing and that includes Rosamund as well
and it was just a joy you know to be to
have that amount of support insanely
good it's a very funny thing of acting
when you're doing things with other
people is you I think you have two parts
of your brain you have the one part that
is remembering the dialogue then you
have a kind of weird free-floating
aspect of it was just kind of looks
around and says this is great and
sometimes you have to tell that bit to
be quiet you're trying to you trying to
concentrate last thing I want to ask you
is that I know Tintin too is coming up
right attention to electric Boogaloo and
the word is there gonna be more Thompson
Thompson
well that's what that's what the
Internet's to say you always saw pili
internetz we saw Peter Jackson in New
Zealand a couple of months ago couple
weeks ago though right yeah it's been a
while and he obviously is still busy
with yes but as soon as he gets that
done I think we will be going out so New
Zealand
and putting our bowler hats on again
which is very exciting because the idea
of working with P is hugely attractive